[dotnet-auto] Add support for musl based images (#2103)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator: README.md

instrumentation.opentelemetry.io/inject-python: "true"
```

.NET:

> .NET auto-instrumentation also honors an annotation that will be used to set the .NET runtime version. There are two versions supported `linux-glibc` and `linux-musl`.

Reviewer: I know that we think about the standard lib that we are linking against, but, for a .NET user I think it makes more sense to use the [Runtime Identifiers](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/rid-catalog). Two reasons: first it is future proof, second it is the term and values used in .NET itself.
```suggestion
.NET auto-instrumentation also honors an annotation that will be used to set the .NET [Runtime Identifiers](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/rid-catalog)(RIDs). Currently, only two RIDs are supported: `linux-x64` and `linux-musl-x64`.
```

Author: 176c908030b328b8025ce9afb1b1027bb39c71e0

> .NET auto-instrumentation also honors an annotation that will be used to set the .NET runtime versions. There are two versions supported `linux-glibc` and `linux-musl`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.NET auto-instrumentation also honors an annotation that will be used to set the .NET runtime version. There are two versions supported `linux-glibc` and `linux-musl`.
```

> By default `linux-glibc` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `linux-x64` is used.
```

Reviewer: I will stop making this rename suggestion here, but, paths and other places should also follow that.

Author: 176c908030b328b8025ce9afb1b1027bb39c71e0
